what dish I'm the anonymous fucking cold
tired what do you want oh you
motherfuckers out there talking shit we
still got Kobe Bryant bitch who's got
five greens Kobe's got five greens
that's who nobody else they gotta fly
brings LeBron got one rainy but he has
to fall away Kobe Bryant was the leader
on all five of his breathing
Michael Jordan played against short
white guys
Kobe still leading the league in scoring
so the best in the world
Kobe Bryant is our God he's the best
ever
the best to ever do it the most skill he
took Michael Jordan in to another level
fuck LeBron James LeBron James sucks
LeBron you got no jumper fuck that
championship bringing the rest ring for
the series for the Miami Heat to beat
the Thunder fuck that
we never need to know or help from the
referees when we got Kobe Bryant the
black mamba one bite from the Black
Mamba and you are dead the greatest of
all time Kobe Bryant I am Leonardo Miss
coach are you're gonna stop talking shit
about our guy Kobe Bryant or you'll be
hearing from me on the Internet
I'll be back oh yeah and one last thing
you won't be able to delete this video
first pitch you're a bitch Bruce you're
fucking Kobe hater fuck you don't
subscribe to this fucking channel
because Bruce bitches of biatch fucking
fuck you Bruce bitch fuck you fuck you
fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck
you you fucking Kobe hater fuck you
you